Library Management System
Version: 1.0
Copyright © 2025 TRI-TECH SOLUTION
All Rights Reserved

1. Introduction
This Software License Agreement ("Agreement") is a legal agreement between the end user ("You" or "Licensee") and TRI-TECH SOLUTION ("Licensor") for the use of the software titled Library Management System ("Software").

By installing, copying, or using this Software, you agree to comply with and be bound by the terms of this Agreement.

2. Grant of License
TRI-TECH SOLUTION grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, and revocable license to:

Install and use the Software within your academic institution or organization for library management purposes.

Operate the Software on one or more systems, provided they are under the control of the licensed institution.

Create backup or archival copies strictly for internal use.

3. License Restrictions
You shall not:

Modify, adapt, translate, reverse-engineer, decompile, or disassemble the Software.

Distribute, sublicense, rent, lease, sell, or otherwise transfer the Software to third parties.

Use the Software for commercial or profit-driven activities without prior written consent and a valid commercial license from TRI-TECH SOLUTION.

Remove or alter any proprietary notices, labels, or branding from the Software or its documentation.

4. Ownership and Intellectual Property
The Software is licensed, not sold. All intellectual property rights, including source code, interface design, algorithms, and documentation, remain the exclusive property of TRI-TECH SOLUTION.

This Agreement does not convey ownership or any rights beyond those explicitly granted above.

5. Updates and Maintenance
TRI-TECH SOLUTION may release updates, patches, or bug fixes at its sole discretion.

No ongoing support, maintenance, or update service is guaranteed under this license unless separately agreed in writing.

6. Warranty Disclaimer
The Software is provided “AS IS”, without any warranty or representation of any kind. TRI-TECH SOLUTION makes no guarantees, either express or implied, including but not limited to:

Fitness for a particular purpose

Merchantability

System compatibility or performance

Error-free operation or accuracy of results

7. Limitation of Liability
Under no circumstances shall TRI-TECH SOLUTION be held liable for any loss or damage, including but not limited to:

Data loss or corruption

System failure or downtime

Business interruption or revenue loss

Indirect, incidental, or consequential damages arising from the use or inability to use the Software

8. Termination
This license shall remain in effect until terminated. It will terminate immediately without notice if the Licensee violates any term of this Agreement.

Upon termination:

All rights granted to you under this license will be revoked.

You must immediately uninstall and delete all copies of the Software and related files.

9. Governing Law
This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted under the laws of the State of West Bengal, India.
All disputes shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in West Bengal, India.

10. Contact
For questions, licensing inquiries, or technical concerns, please contact:

TRI-TECH SOLUTION
📧 Email: librarymanagementsystem112025@gmail.com

